doc: Update the documentation for the monorepo benchmark (#9704)
ocaml/dune: doc/dev/monorepo-bench.md

to change a file in a library with few reverse dependencies and to change a
file in a library with many reverse dependencies:
 - The file `src/path.ml` in the library `file_path`, which has few reverse
   dependencies (within the monorepo)
 - The file `src/list.ml` in the library `base`, which has many reverse
   dependencies (within the monorepo)

### How to Add New Benchmarks

One-shot benchmarks are defined ad-hoc, so there's no structured way to add more,
but see the use of the function `measure_one_shot_build` in [this
file](https://github.com/ocaml-dune/ocaml-monorepo-benchmark/blob/main/dune-monorepo-benchmark-runner/src/main.ml)
to learn how one might add more one-shot benchmarks.

To add new watch mode benchmarks, edit the file
[dune-monorepo-benchmark-runner/src/watch_mode_scenarios.ml](https://github.com/ocaml-dune/ocaml-monorepo-benchmark/blob/main/dune-monorepo-benchmark-runner/src/watch_mode_scenarios.ml)
to add new entries to the list. The fields of list entries are documented
[here](https://github.com/ocaml-dune/ocaml-monorepo-benchmark/blob/main/dune-monorepo-benchmark-runner/src/watch_mode_file_to_change.mli).

> Each entry specifies a single file to change, and some text within the file to
> change to a something which compiles and something which does not during the
> watch mode benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each entry specifies a single file to change. It also suggests changing some text to a something which compiles and something which does not during the
watch mode benchmark.
```

To have Dune start running the new benchmark in `current-bench`, do a new release
of the
[ocaml-monorepo-benchmark](https://github.com/ocaml-dune/ocaml-monorepo-benchmark)
by pushing a tag to the repo named the current date like `YYYY-MM-DD.N` where
`N` is the current day's release number, starting with 0.

> Then update `dune`, editing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then update Dune, editing the
```
Is this Dune the buld system or a `dune` file or directory?

Author: It refers to the `dune` repository.
